# Lower 1
The '#' is just the title
To write comments just write normal text.

Directives are writen with `@` and the tag, like this:
@on mondays

## A (EDT)
'##' is the section. This is some way of grouping exercises, like a circuit or a superset.
You can write what type of section it is in parenthesis, maybe I will do something with it in the future.
Perform as many sets in 15 minutes of:

### Reverse flies
The '###' are exercises. In taskell they are tasks, so it seems fitting.
Sets are listed. For each set, write the reps or time and resistance. Time is written in seconds (note the difference between 10 and 10s). Resistance can be kilos (10k) or bands (b12 means band 12mm wide). The default unit for repetitions is reps, and the default resistance is kilos.
- 10 b12
- 12 b12
- 8  b12

### Chest flies
However, because it's annoying to write lists when one is working out, one can also just write text, and as long as it starts with a natural number it will be considered a set for the exercise. Or time (e.g. 10 or 10s as first token).

Also resistance can be stacked.

So this is also valid:

12 t10 t15
12 t20
12 t20 t10 

It won't look as nice when rendered as markdown, so maybe the program can tidy it up a bit when it gets to it (or not, not sure how to do it).

### Pulldown
When creating a new file, it's nice to leave the previous efforts on (perhaps even write some statistics in the future).

To prevent these from being logged, they can start with a non-numeric character, e.g.

[7 days ago] 12 t30
[7 days ago] 10 t30

Also note that the unit for resistance is 't' for tubes (t30 is the 30lb tube).
12 t30
12 t30 t10
12 b31

## B
Pullup and pushup technique work
### Pullup hangs
20s 80
### Pushup planche
30s 80
### Pullup holds on top
20s 80
### Pushup bottom holds
20s 80
### Pullup negatives
5 80

## C
Pullups and pushups
### Pullups
3 80
2 80
### Pushups
5 80
4 80

## D
### Triceps extension
### Curls
